Hi everyone.
Today is Monday, March the 30th. My name
is Anne-Marie Band
and this is the Money Ball Morning
Report.
Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by
Mentha Queue
and we're taking a look at the E-mini
S&P continuous contract on the daily
formation. If this bounce surprises you
based on all the news that we keep
reading that's very negative,
check out my YouTube video last night on
Market Kickoff on Topstep TV. We did the
open, talked about what was possible,
and you can see that that bounce is
beginning. A lot of people surprised
that futures are green, but smart money
is going to unwind
the last time we unwound. See,
you know, I say this a lot. No offense
to
my very smart traders out there,
but those of us who've been making a
living in the markets for decades,
we're simpletons.
We look for support and we look for
resistance. And that's all we look for.
And then we manage our risk and we say,
"Hmm, what did it do the last time it
was here?"
And we trade that
until it doesn't work and then we do
something else. Very simplistic. So,
henceforth,
here we are. Why? Because we bounced
right off of these levels last time.
6360.
That's our zone. We want to take a look
at it. There's a lot of demand down
here.
The zero DTE put wall is
about 6300.
And then we've got some more demand that
stretches into 62
50-ish.
6240-ish.
Something like that. All right. So, here
we are in a bounce.
Remember, in bear markets, and we are in
a bear market right now,
in bear markets,
the expectation is that bullish bounces
will give us the most violent upsides
that we can have. It makes us think
everything's all right.
But, what's happening is
the shorts are unwinding and the more
that the shorts unwind, the more they
have to unwind
or else they're going to lose all the
money that they made going short days
ago. Okay?
So, let's take a look at the levels.
We've got our flow, so let's set up the
formations.
What is the slope of motion? Well, it's
down.
Right? We have the 200, we have the 50.
It's down. We're above the V web.
That part is saying we've got positive
flow underneath.
Look at how sharp the oscillator is. The
momentum oscillator is incredibly sharp,
meaning these guys,
they are catching the bid
over and over and over again. Oh, it
comes in, I'll take it up. All right?
Where's the pivot?
The pivot's above us.
So, what's it telling us? Little bit of
a mixed bag,
but as long as we hold that V web at
6400,
they're going to try and cross that
pivot.
Now,
what do you want to do?
Don't buy the breakout when the trend is
negative.
Don't buy the break.
Listen, could you actually buy the
break? Yes, but what expands when you
buy the break up here? Risk. And the
goal is trim the risk down
so that you can move where price is
going to be. Okay?
Very nice trade. What are they trying to
do? Lift and get through the pivot.
Notice, if we go down to something like
a 5-minute,
this is where our trend is changing
place, taking place, excuse me. 200
below us, 50 below us, slope of the 200
down, slope of the V web up, mixed bag.
What are they headed for?
The V web. The anchored, excuse me, the
anchored V web from yesterday, excuse
me, Friday, is uh what is that? 6496.
They're headed up here.
They're going to hold this edge, a lot
of demand sitting right here. This is
bullish flow.
It's bullish flow right now because
they're headed here. This is the next
road sign they have to get through. And
so they're going to work at getting
through the road sign. Overnight,
here's all the value area.
And so we see what's going on. Okay?
All right. What's the storyboard for
today?
Listen,
we could do anything. Markets could
bounce into this congested area
that the pivot will bring
and then rotate right back down.
We could also
catch a bid
and start rotating up. The 200 is here.
So, if we start rotating up, the move
into
entirely possible.
Bigger traders are looking at 65
30.
The put wall
is 6500. So, they're trying to recapture
this put wall. Notice,
and folks still have such tough time
with market makers. I'm going to have to
invite a market maker to come on
my show and actually talk about what
goes on because a lot of people have
what market makers do as very mixed up.
But in any case, market makers have to
increase their negative position once
they leave the put wall
so that their delta becomes zero.
When this starts to unwind, they will
also unwind
and push it to the north. Okay? So, my
suspicion
is that we are headed to 6514,
6500,
somewhere around there. Will it be
today? I have no idea. Will it be
tomorrow? I have no idea. What's the
space? Listen, bounces are sell zones.
Dips are buys.
Why? Because we have a cross current.
So, watch for the formation, realize the
biggest lines in the sand are the signs
the lines that everyone else watches for
and trade at those spaces. Okay?
Upward flow again, 6514, 6530. That's
where the flows are sitting.
Uh pullbacks are buy zones if we hold
the V web and that is 6400
at this particular time. The above-below
line, I think that's going to be right
around 6400. If not, we'll double bottom
and we'll see how it goes.
All right.
Let's do
the NQ.
All right. Let's go to the daily.
Interesting. Put wall below us at
23,000. Zero DTE put wall at 23,250.
We are above that. All right. Notice, to
the left, a lot of noise. Could see big
bounce up, big big pullback down, big
bounce up, big pullback down. This is
what we are expecting. Okay? All the
data science that I run on the back end
says this is very likely what we see
over the next 30 days.
Okay? So, not not even
Yeah, about 30 days. Okay?
So, ultimately, our bounces are going to
give us more places to sell because
we're in negative traction, but the
bounces could be big. The line in the
sand
where gamma flow flips from negative to
positive is this one right here
at 24,000
even.
That's going to shift our flow. Let's
jump to the 30-minute.
Okay. Always
observe, orient, decide, act. Let's do
the observation.
We are sitting under the pivot
with negative moving averages
sitting above the V web sitting above
the zero DTE put wall
with extremely positive
momentum.
Okay? This tells us that they're
catching the bid.
That's our observation. Now let's
orient. Very negative flows.
Put wall support potentially below us.
V web potentially providing support.
The go, no go line
is very likely going to be that V web.
Now,
look at the squishy bits in the
overnight where we lose the V web, dance
around it for hours, and then recapture
it. Could that same thing happen?
Absolutely. We want to watch for higher
lows. If we see those higher lows, it's
going to give us a shot at
buying the dip. Why am I thinking about
buying the dip?
Because flows are extremely negative and
big money is going to unwind just a
little bit of this flow.
All right. We are very far below value
areas.
Also mean reversion event.
Now, mean reversion
is going to probably be extremely swift
and then reversion back to trend,
but it's hard to say.
The box is shifting. What I know is my
50 is going to take precedence
and it's negative, so I'm going to sell
the bounce. I'm also under the pivot. If
I begin to be above the pivot and the 50
is honoring me,
then
I'm going to try and buy the dip up into
the higher resistance zone, and that is
the pivot level one, 23,750.
I talked about where the gamma wall is
that flips off flips us from positive to
negative gamma. We know that that number
is 24,000. Ultimately, that's what we're
staring down. Below us, we know the put
wall is 23,000,
and then the pivot to the south, 22,750,
with the with the go no go line being
somewhere around
the VWAP. It's could be very messy for
making a turn here.
Very, very messy. This momentum also
tells me that we are potentially in an
updraft if we can get ourselves above
the pivot.
All right, let's go to micro Bitcoin.
Let's take a look at this one.
See if the daily's
Oh, for heaven's sakes.
Bitcoin trying to hold its base.
This is a great place to really try long
if you're thinking about going long in
Bitcoin at the 65,000
area. It'll take us back up to 76,
75,
and then it's any man's game.
Okay?
Put wall sitting below us,
4,800 or so. Call wall well above us at
6,000,
and look at where all of the volume is,
well above us in here.
Between 85 and uh what is that? 95?
100. But, I say 95 in general. You can
see the supply zone sitting here in red.
All right, let's go to the 30 minute.
Remember, Bitcoin gives us a liquidity
measure. And so,
these
uh these holdings on the 30 minute give
us a little bit of a clue of what might
be happening in the future.
Number one, let's do our
uh observation orientation.
Where's the pivot? Below us.
So, we've got a little bit of a bullish
slant. Where's the Where's the VWAP?
Below us. Also a bullish slant and
trending upward just a wee bit. Okay?
Flattening out a little.
We're building pressure
and creating a new area of value between
65 and
uh 68, let's say. All right? So, trying
to hold value. So, where are we with
relation to the 50? Well, the 50 is
downward sloping, but we're above it.
And the 200 is downward sloping, and
we're below it. So, they're trying to
carve out
new areas of support. In this
environment, dips
are buys
with the go no go line
right at the anchored VWAP and the
current VWAP,
which is about 66,800.
Could it come all the way back down to
the put wall and bounce again? Yes, that
number is
65,000.
You could also take the long there. They
are trying to build pressure.
Demand zone also building at the
baseline here, that's 67,450.
Upper regions,
Friday's pivot,
and
the first line of resistance is
68,
800, and then Friday's pivot 69,500.
Be careful shorting here, folks.
This market is
This market is here to take your money.
Just saying.
Okay.
Let's take a look at oil.
Now,
here's the thing. Everybody's blaming
Iran for oil not
passing the Strait of Hormuz.
Everybody's saying, "Oh my goodness."
You know, whatever the rhetoric is.
Here's my
personal service announcement.
Number one,
do not believe everything that you are
reading.
Now, you might interpret this as, "Okay,
well, I never believe those guys anyway,
so there we have it. I'm good." I'm
going to tell you, whatever side you
lean on
is not telling you
something.
The The truth is clear as mud.
Here's what we know.
The reason
these tankers are not moving through the
strait
is because insurance
is not allowing them to move through the
strait.
Lloyd's of London,
Reichsbank,
uh whomever, all of those guys,
they're not letting these tankers pass
without extraordinary levies.
And those extraordinary levies, in the
form of insurance, are stopping them
from flowing because if they pay the
insurance, at the end of the day,
they're not going to make any money. So,
they're waiting for things to settle.
In the meantime,
we've got this big mess. All right? And
for anybody that thinks
the term follow the money
isn't real,
you need to go look in the mirror.
This is all about money and power, every
single
every single second of it is about money
and power.
So, moving on. Listen, I'd love for us
to be better as humans,
but we're not.
We're not. So, you might think that you
would be in that space.
I admire you for that.
At the end of the day,
we know what we know. So, here we go.
End of public service announcement.
Hope you felt the need to fast forward.
I didn't really want to have to say it,
but I just
folks are getting bent out of shape, and
there's just nothing
nothing we can do about it.
Nothing.
All right. So, what's oil doing this
morning? It's kind of fading, right?
It's sitting flat. The VWAP is flat.
Dips are still buys. We're above the
pivot. The 50 is moving upward. The 200
is upward. We're above the call wall,
which is 100.
And this area at 100 is a very sticky
zone.
At this particular juncture,
is that line where we go if we head up
over there, we're going to start hitting
the bigger pivots, and that is 10420,
and then 107. A lot of people calling
for $200 oil. You know, that that might
happen.
I I don't know that it's
going to happen anytime soon. So,
pulling back into the call wall and
potentially the pivot makes for great
buy zones. This 100 area
easily a buy zone,
goes into the 50 simple moving average.
This area here, where all the inventory
sitting is unwinding to the upside. If
you'd like to use Fibonacci's in a
pretty simplistic way,
you can measure
the value area and expand it up into the
zone. You can see that this region
around 101 is trying to prove out as
support. Being under the VWAP, however,
tells us that we are caught in between
the ranges. So,
be very careful picking a position in
here.
Either wait for the failure to bounce
and the continuation downward under the
moving averages, or you buy the dip
at the call wall.
All right? And you get out if it loses
the demand zone, which is about
I don't know, 50 cents below. So, you
might want to use a micro. All right.
Now, we go to gold.
No, wrong. Wrong.
GC2.
Okay.
And let's remove all the annotations.
You might notice, "Hey, Emery, you
didn't talk about any of the
boxes that we normally talk about."
Well, because nothing's definitive.
We traded below the opening 30 minutes.
We are trading right around the 400 4:00
a.m. There's nothing definitive showing
up in any of these
areas. Nothing at all.
So, we're just I'm watching the bigger
pictures.
So, as we take a look at gold,
let's put it on the daily,
we can see that we're caught in
this uh very tight formation. I expect
gold to go sideways a little bit.
Um
We're coming into the call wall,
and that's
around and about it's 4,600.
Trying to hold that zone. I I I believe
we chop around for a few days.
So, let's do our orientation. We're
above the pivot. We're above all the
moving averages. All the moving moving
averages are bullish. Momentum is up.
What does this tell us? Dips are buys.
Where does the dip begin?
Could I sell
the bounce to get in on the dip and
trade both sides? Well, you could.
Very easily. We've got the top of the
edge, 4500, 71.
Let's call wall 4600, put wall
50, 4500.
Dips are buys, but if the price action
rolls
over from here, you could potentially
sell into
the value area low, where everybody's
sitting down. And that value area is
to 4530.
And it's pivot from several days past.
Which might be of interest to the
traders. So, is this an inverted head
and shoulders or something? Could be.
But here's what we know. Dips are buys
because we're above the pivot, we're
above the moving averages.
That's what we do, okay?
Levels to watch above us
levels below us, the anchored VWAP is
sitting at
4450.
Um
I'm not really sure we get out of this
range today.
And things could really catch and we
could be very bullish and move out of
the edge at the first pass. I see the
traders trying to reject this zone, but
they're not making lower lows.
So, I expect the expansion up into this
area before a solid short opens up. All
right? So, that's my thought.
The first pass into the zone gave us the
sell but we're not seeing lower highs,
and so there's no continuation there.
That's the important piece to note.
Okay, let's go to spy.
Holy smokes, what do we got here?
Besides dramatic noise.
See what's going on?
Same sort of thing.
Under the put wall
on the daily chart
we've got this
all of the inventory sitting well above
us. We could do a little Fibonacci.
Brings us, you know, fairly close to
that zone where we're sitting right now
at 6:30-ish.
That's the floor, I believe. Today.
Oh, for goodness sakes.
Come on, Aunt. What are you doing?
Oh, there's a fair bit of demand here.
And so, I do still expect the bounce
zones.
Taking a look at the flow, take a look
at this. You can see
all the flow just by the formations
building right there. And the moving
averages do tell us that that is
what we have, negative flow.
Here's the problem. We've done the
negative flow into incredible support
zones, and now here we have a formation
that says, "Hey, maybe I gap."
Right? So, the question is, what does
the whole chart look like? I'm dancing
at the VWAP.
the pivot is below me at
60, something like that. The put wall is
above me
at 640.
That also happens to be the first
resistance line pivot and the 50 simple
moving average. I would not be surprised
to see us run all the way up. I really
would not.
The bounces are sell zones but the
bounces could be very savage because the
sharpest moves upside come in bearish
formations because the sellers are
forced to leave the market tout suite
or they're going to be upside down in
their trade. All right? Low low value
low volume node sitting right here at
644.
We could get into that area and then
chop around.
Ultimately
I believe the traders want to test this
200 simple moving average, and so
we're going to anticipate that that's
where the flow goes over the next couple
of days. Could be very choppy
but
upside in general.
As long as we hold the low of the
overnights.
If we break the low of the overnights
all bets are off because the flow has
moved back negative.
However, if we hold those areas, stay
above the VWAP, we're going to start
climbing further to the upside. And
people who are reading the news are
going to get caught offsides because
they are trading the narrative put in
front of them
which is a disguise. So, we truly are
living in Plato's cave. I'm just trying
to tell you.
So, um I don't want to be the guy that
gets killed for telling everybody what's
actually happening but the allegory of
the cave is a very good story board for
you to go and read. All right? Okay,
everybody, take care. I'll see you on
the streams.